oh why do I keep freaking doing this
today we are going to be pink slip it in
for my boy or in formatted in focus all
I and informed it down all from this
week's team the way they all cost me
just under 1 million coins in total so
I'm not looking to do this game at all
and as if you are looking to buy coins
be sure to check out the fut shop calm
their links are going to be in the
description below there's also a
discount code as well so when you
purchase and your coins use the five
percent discount code is Lucas and it
use down there below go get your coins
from a safe and reliable place and yeah
let's go and find an opponent that as
per usual guys I asked for party might
so what we are going to do as the roof
flooding means so quickly we are going
to pick the one that is next from Rocky
so after book it is good to be the next
one and he will be playing me for all
four players and it is this guy here
with the diamond it is Gryffindor let's
catch his gamertag game Gryffindor 5.5
and my due to a pilot accept it let's
get him in the gang let's get this on
the road ok that easing the game
Gryffindor 50 for Gryffindor ever seen
oh my God look at that fucking squad
sheets me sweaty bonders rub em roi see
this guy and plain ice is it lads this
is it for Team of the Week players a
million coins on the line come on look
like look like come on Nicholas all I
come on cuz all that good fuck you know
who is that oh no why no why don't let
in cross it's off no mate killer you
need to stand off yes come on it'll come
on lad tell you torment Infiniti on come
on come on fucking height it's ok bye oh
fucking it the bullshit oh my god what
ago I would have been pep I know you
jammy bastard what to say what to say if
I don't it'll go fine fuck i don't know
i don't care what to say going at it go
on at it go on again ah yes come on at
it come on out of oil you should pace
lad that little bit
pays you've got don't let him fucking
shoot me off it my Gibbs I told with it
come on go have a shot light ah your
brother whistle their halftime nods and
I can't fucking break this game he's not
letting me play I can beat this guy it's
not it's like EA think cuz I've got four
informs on the field that I have to have
all the bullshit and all the slow laggy
players oh come on it'll look at the bus
come on matter tip it over yeah what so
cool yes in there matter oh come on a
fucking of that not that matter I'll get
sweaty crossing with the in right on and
again luck and again oh my god who is
this sue is he going gold he's got
fucking Oliver bekommen gold how can you
just pull out two doubles like that none
at none of this fucking BS man moving
across matter oh why is there again is
that my ease Moya it's on drugs ha oh my
god oh fuck it haha that's that's a
fucking Center backing screamers and
cream Osaka Chiellini pause a beauty oh
the fuck how oh no what the fuck was ina
no peanuts oh my god no Pinot aiders
haha item is art I hate you shooting our
shit not Martinez not Martinez know that
are both on stepping or yes come on
there we go lads to nil oh we managed to
swear a to nil victory in that second
goal was fucking amazing Chiellini what
a gamey ads are what again what a game
so there we have it lads we managed to
hold on to all four informs that iris
today and wow what we are going to do
them for the next episode of pink slips
is you guys in the comment section below
are going to pick a team with the year
player you would like to see me pink
slip any team of the year player the
most common lead one will be the 1i pink
slip and again to be involved nor that
you got to follow me on twitter at all
execs 100 links
down below and as if you enjoyed what
you seen here be sure to subscribe if
you're not subscribed already and hit
the low point if this can smash over
1500 lights 1500 lights that will be
insane that is going to be the end of
the video guys thank you for watching
leave your comments down below as well
and until next time I'll see you then
peace